Welcome to the second project of the course.
This is where everything that we've learned
up until this point comes together
and you will even learn a ton of new
JavaScript features doing this project.
So we're gonna use all this advanced content
about object and functions.
Lots of arrays, lots of dot manipulation
and a bunch of other important stuff.
Now this project is not just about coding,
it's also about how to approach
and how to solve specific problems.
So basically, it's also about how to think
as a JavaScript programmer
and so we'll be talking a lot about
structuring our code.
Why we take certain decisions about objects
or funky creations and so on and so forth.
Because coding is not just writing
a bunch of lines of code,
but it's also about how to think
and how to make all the pieces of a code fit together.
So that in the end we have a final, functioning product.
(soft tribal beat)